# project-Online-magazine-analysis
light analysis on an online magazine. . A young startup recently launched an innovative online magazine and is investing heavily in online marketing in order to grow its subscriber base. As a part of their growth effort they need to better understand their user base , i have a sample of 50k of their users and want to answer basic exploratory questions on this dataset. The company is currently investing heavily in online marketing channels in order to acquire subscribers. The marketing channels are Criteo, Facebook, Instagram, Adwords and some select Partners (grouped under the “Partner” category). Additionally, they offer a referral programme for their existing subscribers to invite their friends. The core of their business model is offering interesting content so users acquire and retain a paid subscription. At the moment, subscriptions can be 1 Month, 3 Month, 6 Month and 12 Month long. In addition: marketing_budget_split = {'Criteo':185000,'TV':30000,'Facebook':550000,'Adwords':40000,'Instagram':700000,'Partner':'25% Share of first subscription price with minimum of 5 euros'}  prices = {'1M':12.99,'3M':32.99,'6M':53.99,'12M':83.99}  Questions: Every question is an open ended question and phrased in a non precise way on purpose. Part of the analyst's job is to answer ambiguous tasks with analytical answers. There exist multiple ways of answering the same question. Who are our customers? (gender, age, where from?) Where and what are we selling the most? (locations, products) Can you identify some reading patterns? (times a day, days a week, how many times a user goes back to an article, most liked/read articles) What is the correlation between article reading length - liked - times read? Summarise your findings in a presentation aimed at the startup where you will tell them what you found and what would be your recommendations for them. Bonus - Which marketing channels are performing well?
